# Oasis-Infobyte
TASK:1-ONLINE RESERVATION SYSTEM -
This Online Reservation System will include all the necessary fields which are required during online reservation system. This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being faced by their customers. There were 3 modules-Login Form, Reservation System, Cancellation Form

TASK:2-NUMBER GUESSING GAME-
Guess the Number is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number. The game continues under the user guessing the number .I also did further details as: Limiting the number of attempt ,Adding more rounds, Displaying score ,Giving points based on the number of attempts.

TASK:3-ATM INTERFACE-
This complex project consists of five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. I perform following operations:Transactions History, Withdraw, Deposit, Transfer and Quit 

TASK:4-ONLINE EXΑΜΙΝΑΤΙΟΝ

The project should be capable of the following functionalities.⁠Login, Update Profile and Password, Selecting answers for MCQs, ⁠Timer and auto submit, Closing session and Logout.
TASK:5-DIGITAL LIBRARY SYSTEM -
This project provides a complete automated Library by digitizing its each and every functionality. Starting from the book-keeping, issuing of books, fine generation, advance booking and report generation all will be accomplished under one single project. The project is a web based project with a database server responsible for maintaining every single detail of the Library. It has a very user friendly interface which can easily be operated by any non-technical person. There are essentially two modules of this project:
1:Admin module: Admin will have complete control over the system. Admin has permissions to update, delete or modify any existing record or make a new entry (books and members).
2:Users module: The normal users enjoy only limited privileges. They have a view access to the books. They can browse through the categories, search for a particular book, return and issue a book. They are also provided with an email option in case of a query.
